**Apropos Documentation**

Upon downloading the files, unzip them and place them in vhosts. Make a folder named "apropos" in vhosts. Within the "apropos" file create three folders:
-includes
-public
-templates

The quotes.sql file must also be included in apropos, thought it can go anywhere.

Indexexp2.php, apology.php and quote_display.php should be in templates. Index.php, login.php, register.php, homepage2.css, words.py and guess_topic.php 
should be in public. config.php, constants.php, functions.php should be in the includes folder. 

words.py is the file in which the data from BrainyQuote.com is retrieved. It must get the quotes, get the words from each quote and place both into
MySQL tables. To load the database, you must do the following in the terminal:

cd ~/vhosts/apropos/public (if you didn't place it there in the previous step, this will not work)
sudo python words.py

You must also have downloaded and installed BeautifulSoup (4.3.2) and MySQL-python-1.2.4 because this is Python and you are in the appliance. Before they are
installed, the program will stop and say that these files are not found. The data scraping uses BeautifulSoup to make scraping easier and more efficient.
If you are having trouble figuring out which files you need, refer to what it imported at the top of the file. (urllib2 should already be installed) 

The program will then load the words and quotes. It should take 5-10 minutes; be patient. Once it is done, you should have two tables with topics/words/occurences
as one set of column headers and topics/quotes as a set of column headers in the other table. You have now loaded your database. These will form the core of 
the program's quote retrieval and search algorithm. You will also eventually have one more table in 'quotes' in your database: users (where user information
(i.e. name, email, password, favorite quote) will be stored. 

Now, visit apropos/. You should be at the homepage. If not, you failed to place the files into vhosts in a folder called "apropos." The homepage was built in
indexexp2.php and is rendered by the index.php controller. Here is where you can have fun with the program. What's on your mind? What's a question you want
answered? Search it in the search bar in the middle of the page. With the click of a button, you should see a quote returned. 

Apropos also returns related quotes for the user in case they need that added inspiration. These can be seen lower on the quote display page. The user
can also rate the quote they get: did it suit their needs? Do they like the quote? Did it motivate (or should I say 'quote-ivate) you? 
Rating allows them to express their satisfaction or dissatisfaction. Apropos also allows you to see particularly famous quotes or help you find 
just the right quote for that Expos paper you've been working on. 
